= DESCRIPTION:

Template repo for a new drupal project built on top of a vagrant vm.

= REQUIREMENTS:

* Not windows (haven't tested it yet)
* {VirtualBox}[http://www.virtualbox.org/] >= 4.1
* Ruby 1.9 (just use rvm to manage your ruby version)
* {chef}[http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/Installing+Chef+Client+and+Chef+Solo] gem >= 0.10
* {vagrant}[http://www.vagrantup.com/] gem
* {librarian}[https://github.com/applicationsonline/librarian] gem

= BASIC USAGE:
Start on the host by provisioning and ssh'ing into a vm:<br/>
<code>host$ git clone git://github.com/xforty/vagrant-drupal-project.git</code><br/>
<code>host$ cd vagrant-drupal-project</code><br/>
<code>host$ librarian-chef install</code><br/>
<code>host$ vagrant up</code><br/>
<code>host$ vagrant ssh</code><br/>
<br/>
Then build and install a drupal site on the vm:<br/>
<code>vm$ sudo drush make --prepare-install /vagrant/example.make /srv/www</code><br/>
<code>vm$ cd /srv/www</code><br/>
<code>vm$ sudo drush site-install --db-url=mysql://dbuser:password@localhost/drupal</code><br/>

Go to http://localhost:4567 and log in to the drupal site with the
credentials specified in the site-install output.

= ADVANCED USAGE:

By default the remote origin is the github vagrant-drupal-project.  It is
designed to function after you clone it for development and testing purposes.
This means you can commit to your local repository and track upstream changes.
This is useful for single user development workflow.  However we also kept in
mind people work on teams and need to share these repositories for each project
they are working on.  To do this we recommend the following.

* Rename the remote origin

<code>host$ git remote rename origin github</code><br>

* Create your bare repo
* Add your own remote origin

<code>git remote add origin git@scm.xforty.com:www.xforty.com.git</code>

* Push your changes to your bare repo

<code>git push origin master</code>

If you are cloning from the www.xforty.com.git repo it won't contain the
original github project. You need to add that remote. Here is how:

<code>git remote add xforty git://github.com/xforty/vagrant-drupal-project.git</code>

NOTE: This is a read-only repository.

It is common to modify the Vagrantfile.  Consider using our
git://github.com/xforty/xforty-drupal.git project as a starting point for youe
distro.make file.
